okay and we're back not sure what
happened right there we had everything
go down so we'll see if everybody comes
back to join us we'll give it just a
minute not exactly sure what went down
at that moment
round two that's right welcome back yeah
the that's been happening a lot out here
the the internet out in this area is not
fantastic to begin with and with
everybody home we're we're it's getting
overworked and we're crashing out every
once in a while so we are back the
return of the Internet people
fantastic let's all stay indoors
absolutely we'll companies be forced to
shut down I don't know that that's the
right way to say it but kind of that's
right we can't work it out survival like
defense from aggressive people if you do
everything else right people are the
least of your concerns
DSL high-speed out here there you know
sometimes I they people misunderstand
like when I say out in the sticks I mean
out in the sticks so yeah
[Music]
is it safe to go to the liquor store I
mean probably sure but I mean take all
the precautions you're supposed to but
you shouldn't be drinking anyway because
it lowers your immune system wonder if
I'll be able to afford a house after
this maybe like Ebro yeah like that out
there that's for those for those that
don't know the area Ebro is one of those
towns that is just way out there yeah so
like Ebro but I actually live outside of
a town like ebrill that that's yeah
Thank You Phil let's see as a Florida
man what's your thoughts on saving the
Florida ecosystem well let's have any
effect on it III think so I think that
we need a break from the tourists to
kind of let it recoup I'm watching
what's happening in major cities with
the travel and everything down it's
having a very quick it's it's having a
lot of success very quickly and I think
that that may be something we need here
I think that might uh that might help
out Venice is loving it yeah yeah the
canals and everything and I'm thinking
that needs to happen here because a lot
of people come down here they don't
really understand a lot of the the
ecosystem they do stuff like walk on the
dunes and yeah there's a public service
announcement from those of us down here
on the Emerald Coast don't walk on the
dunes like ever like unless it's us
you're talking about on a
life-threatening scenario do not walk on
the dudes you
foot prints will be there for like 50
years
oh just just stay off the dunes what's
happening with Spring Break it's over as
near as I can tell they're closing
beaches and they're sending everybody
home because they tried to do the
suggestion thing and nobody was
following the suggestions and now the
United States were having a lot more
people of younger ages our our
percentages are higher probably due to
our overall health who is pushing the
ernet Act I believe it is Lindsey Graham
and some other Blumenthal bipartisan
support any time something is bipartisan
and aimed at your rights you better be
worried I've been watching this instead
of going to get groceries someone told
me to stop being lazy do you need
groceries and can you make it a month
because if not stay home oh yeah the
melody Campbell I feel you I find it
funny how my teenage son never left his
room growing up and now that we're
making him stay in he wants to go out
exactly it's you know there's a lot of
people that they never go outside now
the government's like you guys need to
stay home they're like well now that you
tell me to I'm not gonna do it still
watching the chat from the earlier video
it's off what's that like that's still
running well that's cool if there's any
good questions let me know
I fart magic hi and happy birthday thank
you yes yes it is my birthday what do
you think of mandatory shut down a major
cities not permitting them to leave
their homes on an ideological level or
the level of after watching people this
week just beat on an ideological level
people should be staying home anyway
they should be socially responsible
unless you make a very very good reason
for going out don't and and people
aren't doing it it's it's it's upsetting
to me I'm disappointed this is my
disappointed face thank you Mark Davis
is your garden organic or to use
pesticides and fertilizers it is organic
in the sense that I don't use pesticides
and I don't use fertilizers however I
totally grow not every but see thank you
do love thanks for you daily videos do
you think a shelter-in-place order will
be issued nationwide
maybe I definitely think there they're
already suggesting it and if people
don't abide by that yeah it'll turn into
an order grow with the flow do you think
this is the start of the collapse of the
US no I think the start happened a while
ago now I think that this could be
either the beginning of the end of the
United States is supremacy or it could
be the beginning of a shift that takes
us to to a higher level and it's up to
us
you're not as smart as you think you are
all right do you think the US will
postpone the general election of the
virus attendees probably not I don't
think that will happen because the end
result of that it it isn't Trump stays
president that's it well at least not
that's not how it's supposed to work we
have continuity of government plans and
Trump wouldn't be in so I don't think
that he would move to to scrap the
election I think I read somebody that
went through and did it and I believe
it's Leahy that becomes president a
Democrat from the Northeast see growth
flow what does that higher level shift
look like people over profits if you
wanted to put it in short term I would
say organizing around production and
making things better rather than
extraction and war have I ever heard of
a resource-based economy yes yeah
when when we start hitting the the
harder was it harder the the more
specific ideologies and the more
specific means of doing things I'm gonna
leave that to other people
thank you cool
granddaddy sweets forever I love your
screen names I when it comes to getting
into the the hyphenated stuff I try to
avoid it because for a lot of people
just the ideas that are discussed here
they're they're new you know and when
you Eve you got to give information time
to digest and if you go from we have
this representative democracy capitalist
story in a war and production oriented
society and then you jumped straight to
we're gonna run it ourselves and and
we're not even gonna have money you
freak people out so I try I try not to
do that do I think people not heating
recommendations to stay indoors doesn't
yeah it's it's a little disappointing
but I I never was under the delusion
that we were there yet anyway I always
knew that we're a long way off from that
we have to build towards it it's a goal
to work towards it's not something
that's gonna happen in my lifetime so I
would say that I thought we were closer
than them we are but but I don't I'm not
discouraged by we just got to work
harder do I think that a resource-based
economy is to get Anya if people had all
the information about it I think that
when it comes to organizing once we get
to that level we're talking about our
economy it's gonna be mixed highly mixed
incredibly mixed I think as we advance I
think which you will end up probably
seeing is local communities operating
under almost completely socialist
economy and then within themselves like
communities trading with each other
operating more on a market-based
mutualist type thing you know that I
think that's probably where we'll end up
but I'm very open to other ideas
ai-ya-ya warmer weather has not hasn't
had the effect that some scientists did
hope yeah that's true I didn't hold out
a lot of hope for that to be honest I I
watched it go through in Southeast Asia
and like watch to watch the numbers I
didn't see that as something that was
gonna happen but it does it does appear
as though that's where we're at you live
on the redneck Riviera Riviera
Perdido over I'm pretty dokey I'm
assuming nice area
Lauren Wagstaff thank you I'm getting a
paycheck and will for the foreseeable
future if I get a government check what
should i do save it spend it locally
gift of food banks that's entirely up to
you that is entirely up to you I would
depending on where you're at I might I
might find a way to put it to use for
other people because there are gonna be
people who are in dire straits right now
Wow Thank You Kelly W do you think
health care reform will be more accepted
after this corona virus pandemic
absolutely yeah absolutely think that
this this is a turning point because
there's a whole bunch of people who have
insurance that are like wait these
people can't they they can't get help
even if they want it and then they're
gonna infect me and in the u.s. we need
self-interest at times thank you for
your opinion I hope you realize that
people do value yeah yeah that's that's
a little unnerving at times to be honest
as from Budapest
thank you for your videos full lockdown
soon in corn and air into hungry can you
imagine a run on the banks has the mood
in your area I don't see it here
out here but out here we we have a lot
of barter out here anyway so I don't I
don't know I do not know I'm not sure on
that and most people out here have a
small pile of old junk silver coins and
stuff like that just because it's the
way people are so it's just the way we
are out here a lot of people don't have
money in the bank right there is that
just released from hospital quarantine
waiting three days for my test results
to come back I'm negative
but in liver America well that's mixed
news how likely do you see a financial
depression happening
III think we're heading heading into a
recession and we may hit a technical
depression which is really just a long
long recession I don't think that we're
talking about you know the nineteen I
don't I don't think we're gonna get that
bad
but I could be wrong economics is not my
strong suit but historically when you're
talking about something like this
we can bounce back really quickly if we
choose to we'll see harpoon lobotomy
thank you checking in from the UK or on
a virus bill looks to massively increase
government power with minimum oversight
yeah
the government will never waste a cry he
says they will always try to increase
their own authority which had they just
used the authority they had initially we
wouldn't be in this mess but we are way
overdue for major depression all right
so I've got to ask you know
thank you Joe Jacobs I gotta ask if
there's anything that you guys would
like more in these live streams because
I do foresee them happening more often
during during this period you know part
of it just to keep myself occupied and
part of it because I've had people say
that it's it's calming to feel part of a
community when you you can't go anywhere
so and I don't mind being being the
catalyst for that but if there's
anything that you guys want more of
please put it talked about growing your
own food if you ever seen dr. John
Campbell on YouTube and if so can you
give him a shout-out yeah in fact in the
last livestream they got interrupted the
doc I was talking about was dr. Campbell
so and again I understand his theory but
it's that's something people are gonna
have to make on their own if you don't
know what I'm talking about the live
stream is I think it was pretty early on
it should be up for public viewing now
let's see did we get some dancing girls
I don't know that that would really go
with with my channel theme to be honest
can we see your dogs destro
he's asleep just laying there yeah I'll
get him over here at some point can we
get some dancing boy wow that was not
those were unexpected requests
Thank You Alden what do you think of the
oil war oil prices more Wars I don't
know I have no idea what's the whole
economy which is a lot of the basis for
our Wars is in flux right now so I think
that will work
I don't know that we're until the
economy starts to stable we're probably
not going to start any new wars so there
is that you know there until we start to
stabilize there's that as a there's that
as a you get another dog we you name him
Zartan yeah I actually told my wife that
our next batch of dogs will be Zartan
Zorana
buzzer torch all of those characters
that's that's that's a thing and and she
was down with it which I thought was
cool can't we get dancing dogs Thank You
Magi I've recently come across your
channel was wondering what your thoughts
are on
one of your thoughts on getting involved
in the local elections what do you think
the impact would be in comparison to
strengthening your community I would
focus on strengthening your community
because here's the reality if you
strengthen your community they will
probably get involved in local elections
anyway however if you just focus on
local elections if you lose it's over if
you get involved and you strengthen your
local community and you build those
networks they get involved in local
elections even if they lose you still
have the community network
how many dogs do you want to have a lot
yeah that I would imagine in the in the
near future in the next year or two
probably have five or six big dogs do
you keep chickens or rabbits goats um
there's uh let's see we've got horses we
have okay so we have rabbits but we
don't really keep them they just live
over in this little thicket near the
lemon trees thank you switchback image
more seriously have you heard about
Tesla South America though well I am
hoping hoping that it will be done in a
different manner than the oil pursuits
were what kind of dogs do you have
German Shepherd and husky named name the
survival manual for tomorrow please it
literally is just survival FM - one -
seven six you can download these for
free I think they're at archive.org
do I feed the bunnies on that yeah
little bit Thank You Sauron the
preserved can you make a video you can
make a video on your critiques of a
resource-based economy after your
research maybe I don't know again I try
not to get to I talk I try to talk about
the practical applications of various
theories so you may see them work their
way in but most of the people who've
signed up for this channel are not here
to be lectured about theory so if I can
find a way to talk about in a practical
aspect yes probably will
magic slog if a family can scrape by on
one income do you think the lower wage
earners should take time off work or
make the extra money while I can see
there there's so many like additional
questions to that to find scrape I like
barely make it or if the other person
continues to work for a couple of months
can they can that can that get you a
little cushion in case the other person
loses their jobs and are you talking
about in general or during this
quarantine like is right now unless you
have to go stay home but like everybody
and I'm hoping that we will get news
about the the emergency stimulus in the
helicopter money Russia has not report
cases that's yeah that that's probably
true I don't think they are
what makes you the expert on every topic
I'm not I am NOT I I have I only have a
few areas of real expertise I stay
within those lanes anything else I'm
relating back to that or I am relying
the research of other people please
repeat where I can download the Survival
Guide
I think it's on archive.org I'll tell
you what to do and this is actually
something that is useful in a lot of
ways Google or DuckDuckGo whatever for
free free download US Army Field Manual
that's what the F M stands for Field
Manual thank you beautiful butterfly the
and you will get a giant list and I'm
pretty sure it is archive.org that has
it but you will get a giant list running
running not just survival but the
individual tasks book she'll get stuff
on NBC and Seaborn
you'll you'll have all of that because
all of that stuff is it's not copy
written so you can download at all
and that would be good yeah I mean that
would be good reading at least why
you're stuck at home this qatari thank
you happy birthday love from California
hope you and your stay healthy and safe
me too and I hope all of you guys say
okay
who are some of your favorite content
creators I don't know do that then
people you know now so let's see I
watched rien the surfs but the people
you've seen on this channel actually I
watch
epic Rap Battles for fun
let's see yeah I don't know
i'm miss american johnson been on here i
think he has the thought slime somebody
else that i like to watch
what sort of measure do you think will
be taken with our homeless communities i
don't know i don't know and that's
that's a real worry on a whole bunch of
levels
thank you Ron Floyd
that's a worry on a whole bunch of
levels because you you've got the
practical aspects of you know you you
understand that if you just leave these
people out there on their own and it
gets into them and it gets into those
communities it's gonna keep popping up
and that should actually be a really I
should be a high priority to help them
from from a control standpoint where
we're taking morality out of this for
the moment from a control standpoint of
you're trying to limit and control this
this this contagion it once it's in
their community and it's getting spread
around and these people do not have
addresses and they're moving around it's
it's bad for everybody it should be a
high priority and then you have the
moral aspects of their people and we
should help them but lately the moral
aspects have not been selling people
very well so thank you feel does the
lack of ventilators concern you yes it
does however I am hoping that we're
going to I think that the release of the
stockpiles like I said I know we've got
like a thousand ventilators coming to
Florida from DoD and I think that
there's that that's happening in a lot
of places it's still not going to be
ideal it's not going to be enough
and hopefully there will be more in
production if we can flatten the curve
and basically it's the same number of
people getting infected but we're
getting spreading it out over a longer
period of time the respirator issue
won't become a problem it will be
manageable Thank You Ellie gee this is a
first for me commenting publicly it is
my pleasure to support you thank you so
much for all YouTube oh thank you thank
you here in Ohio that will begin
releasing some prisoners
they've started I think they've kind of
done that a lot of places low-key like
nonviolent people get out they don't
they don't want the that they don't want
the risk they don't want the liability
so they're trying to do it trigger one
entity learn to take compliments yeah
I'm bad I don't know what to say
that's I don't know I don't know what to
say to that really not good at that I am
much better at responding to people who
are like hey I hate you Diane people who
were like hey you did good work Los
Angeles is feeling like it goes down
nobody on the roads yeah I can imagine
I can imagine there are a lot of places
that are that they're looking that way
most of us are here because we like you
[Laughter]
yeah even the moms closed today yeah I
you know
okay so relatively close to me there's a
town called Destin Destin Florida it is
a major tourist destination some of the
larger attractions there like there's a
thing called silver sands which is this
massive outdoor what's not outdoor this
massive outlet mall basically and it is
a huge attraction and it never closes
like I mean it's it's up and running
after the hurricane like almost
immediately and they're shut down
I think that was one of the things
around here that made everybody go oh
that's serious Oh when's the next movie
watch party and can you pick a comedy
soon maybe tonight I don't know
and yeah I'll try to do the comedy I'm
hoping that Shaun of the Dead is hot is
on Netflix because that that's that's
funny and it it's kind of fitting scuzzy
for prez honestly shocked at how well
behaved your chat is you know I'm I'm
very very happy with the audience that
that I have like found there's not a lot
of trolling there's not a lot I'm really
happy with so yeah Waffle House's are
still open for the moment you know at
that moment that's that's when everybody
should be at NBC suits with me
well Waffle House is closed
Hot Fuzz is the superior film what was
the other one into the world or
something like that where they're trying
to make it to the to the pub monomer
thank you do you think that the
elevation of must type thought-leaders
is the creation of a community on the
part of that person or more the
endowment of authority and creation of
an unjustified hierarchy I think it
depends on how it's used
that's that's a question right there
Thank You Abby the world's end that is
the name of the movie but back to that
other question I think it has a lot to
do with how it's used if I have an issue
with people who attempt to exploit their
their their their audience especially in
times of crisis you know I'm I'm happy
in a way to watch what's going on in
far-right circles right now because
these people a lot of them have always
been grifters and this current situation
is exposing them to their audience as
that they've always exploited them and
but now it's it's becoming more apparent
and I'm happy to see that happening how
can we get in touch with you
yeah Facebook and Twitter Twitter is a
more immediate way to get a hold of me
than Facebook
so Alex a bowl of your content what are
your thoughts on interracial couples
there is some anti mix tension in my
area from right-leaning individuals
[Music]
one of the the quotes they got the right
wing so mad at me is that I cannot wait
until we all you know intermarry and we
all end up looking like Filipinos or
Brazilians I am all in favor of it I
don't people are always going to resist
change people are always going to want
to try to have that tribal instinct and
all its courage it's it depends on how
you're looking at it you know there are
some that want to preserve their their
cultural identity fine but your cultural
identity isn't your skin tone it's your
practices it's your ways of thought it's
not your skin tone and what whatever I
mean I try to keep it clean on this on
this channel but yeah they you could
tell them to kick rocks to put it nicely
[Music]
Burt H thank you to see really ratcheted
up my anxiety about increasing voter
suppression extra balancing political
concerns with direct community in
assistance community assistance is much
more important the elections are the
elections if elections were as valuable
as we like to make them out to be we
wouldn't be in the situation where it
because we wouldn't have the problems
that we currently do are we gonna run
out of food no no there is no food
shortage it's a distribution issue then
it will be worked out
that's one thing I want to keep
hammering on there is no food shortage
because that is one thing that can cause
panic and can't cause real unrest so
there is no food shortage and that's not
to say you don't care about elections
it's that your your immediate circle
your immediate community is more
important because if that is strong it
doesn't matter what those people in DC
do it doesn't matter what the people in
your state capitol do you know the Kings
law is everywhere but the village runs
itself so it can be ignored so I would I
would strongly suggest working on your
community more yeah again you know
people are talking about the the food
issue we have we have plenty of that's
that should not become an issue any time
soon it would take a while for that to
for that there really manifest so I just
way we need to stay calm and that
shouldn't come up until it does because
that's one of those things that can make
people freaked out mutual aid will get
us through speaking of which and it's
funny because apparently everybody knew
this but me
Teen Vogue ran an article on mutual aid
the other day that was like wow what did
not see that coming and apparently
they've been like that for a while
running tangible articles like that and
and
my wife was like you know should beat
yourself up for not knowing that they've
been that way for years you're not
really their target demographic but what
happens when you don't have money to buy
that yeah I'm hoping the economic
stimulus comes through because if it
doesn't then we are going to have a
problem with that as well
and yeah it's a it's a major concern for
a lot of people it is a major concern
for a lot of people and that's why my if
there's one thing the federal government
can do right now to help a lot of people
its stop negotiating over the amount and
put cash in hands immediately and if you
can always come back and do it again if
you didn't get enough you know but it
needs to start happening now what gives
you hope what gives me hope being in
horrible situations before and realizing
it's not that bad and that overall
anytime you're in a horrible situation
and you are in bad straits you will
always find people willing to help that
gives me hope
how can working on community help with
green new deal there there's nothing
stopping your community from enacting
certain aspects of that on their own
yeah some of it is a national level
thing but I mean that there's a whole
lot yes I read the chat there's there's
a whole lot that they can be done on
your own let's see how old are your kids
are they handling well I have a bunch of
kids varying ages from two to well in
the house from 2 to 14 15 they're you
know the younger ones don't know they
don't know what's going on and my my
oldest son is you know he's gone to
cover events with me even as like 12 so
he's got a pretty good a pretty good
handle on it he's handling it pretty
well
hide the jog foot yeah absolutely been
wondering for a while where are you
economically speaking
Eileen left but it's not even really
that hard of a lane
however because I'm so far down on the
authoritarian libertarian spectrum it
seems like I'm incredibly far left
should the Red Cross be destroyed or
destroy that was Freudian should the Red
Cross would be deployed I will tell you
that from my experience dealing with
them in the past they're not really that
effective so I I don't really care to be
honest yeah I have more trouble with the
Red Cross working in the aftermath of
Harvey than just about anything else so
you know have enough people at home
without me
let's see oh yes the Red Cross should be
destroyed yeah that's yeah I could see
that clip getting used over and over
again in the future please explain the
problems we have with Red Cross okay so
it has to do with the facts they're a
large organization and they have a
top-heavy bureaucracy and what they try
to do is because they have money they
try to bring in resources that were
actually came from somewhere else they
do a lot of co-opting of existing checks
mederi during times of emergency and
most times they make it worse I actually
may bring somebody on and and do an
interview about that who had a lot more
direct face-to-face contact I just tend
to avoid and ignore and a lot of it is
compounded by the government saying oh
make sure you use red cross which then
gets down to law enforcement as oh well
are you with red cross no then you need
to go well no I'm actually with this
other NGO or this other aid group or
whatever and it it calls it causes a lot
of issues in emergencies there's not a
lot of time for a top-heavy bureaucracy
Natacha index is anyone watching out for
the safety of the prisoners yes some are
being released that's a thing so we will
see how that plays out there are a whole
lot of people who are being released on
non-violent stuff that are in jails and
just they're just sitting about
Josh Lynch does a pandemic proof that we
need to state no it doesn't it proves
the reactions of people has proved to me
that we are further away from where I
thought we were random nobody the people
acting like Bernie was our only hope
need to buy mirrors there they will find
the solution we've been behaving as a
failed state with this pandemic I mean
that's kind of true I mean I mean in a
lot of ways yeah that's true but there
there's been a lot of good leadership
from the state and local level I don't
want to I don't want to downplay that
we've had a lot of people make good
moves at the local and state level and
and I think that those moves I think it
probably saved lives then those people
will never get the credit they deserve
we heard about it does appear that
there's a couple of cases but there I
think there there were and they just
weren't reporting it non-gmo should not
be a thing you obsess over yeah
god I've I yeah it's it's not something
that I focus on too heavily at all to be
honest
in fact I'm one of those the there's a
blueberry and blackberry bushes called
bushel and barrel roll that are yeah
their GMO like their patented GMO type
they're great as far as landscaping and
stuff like that and I know there are
people that have concerns about it I'm
one of those people that will I'll be
the test dummy for that oh that wasn't
aimed at me it was an earlier topic
something that we talked about earlier
so yeah GMO is that it could be as
simple as crossbreeding or it could be a
a full-on scientific process that occurs
in a lab and all of this stuff so the
term itself needs some refining but I
will tell you that I have plants out
here that are they are the type that
they use the little gun and shoot the
shoot the stuff into its it's not
something I'm terribly concerned with
now roundup on the other hand no I don't
use it I don't use pesticides at all
that that worries me
a whole lot more than something being
GMO
corn is a gene about most both almost
all that you've eaten probably wasn't
Louis thank you okay
any thoughts on things like power
generation other utilities on the
community level and how to deal with
government rags to prevent things like
rainwater collection okay
figure out how to answer that tactfully
most most most of the type of power
generation that people would want to
install it's actually really simple if
you have the components it is incredibly
simple you don't need a lot of outside
expertise to do that you can read it
you read it online and figure out how to
do it and you you could theoretically
install it yourself if you needed to
as far as rainwater collection I where
I'm so far out that like if I wanted to
put in a 10,000 gallon pond like I don't
need a permit that's how far so I'm not
familiar with the with the rags on
collecting rainwater so I can't really
speak to that but I would imagine that
that's something done at the local level
and it can be undone at the local level
and if it's not at the local level it
could probably be ignored
over a rain barrel yeah catch me like
that now that's that's something that we
even have around here the bots are back
great it's okay I actually have to wind
this down but we will be back on and
around 9 p.m. Central
I'm gonna be back and that was the one
that's actually scheduled and during
that we will if you show up the first
few minutes we're gonna cover all the
stuff with the gas mask in the survival
book and all of that stuff again and
then we're going to talk about EDC kits
because that's another question I'm
getting a lot about I've got one here
that I'll open up and everybody can look
and see what it is and what's inside of
them have a great birthday I am having a
great birthday thanks to you guys I have
something to do I appreciate you guys
hanging hanging out with me and I will
try to get at least one of the dogs to
come over here and say hi anyway y'all
uh y'all have a good night it's just a
thought